add mandatory description to artifacts (#72)
merantix-momentum/scaffold-core: docs/usage/subpackages/artifact_manager.rst

    # Log a file artifact.

>     # This call uploads the file located at "/path/to/local/file.txt" as "my_artifact".

Reviewer: can add a line here talking about what you should/could put in the description and where exactly it would end up (filename, location)

    # log_files() returns an Artifact object with metadata about the logged artifact.

>     artifact = manager.log_files("my_artifact", "/path/to/local/file.txt", "this is a description that will also be logged")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    artifact = manager.log_files("my_artifact", "/path/to/local/file.txt", "this is a description that will be logged to a file alongside the artifact")
```
